This is an MS Agent Character Clone version 2.0!

Now you can make your own charactors and animate them.
This supports sound playing, "balloon" style text, and image shaped forms.
Please Vote or at least comment, I worked long and hard on this.

Bryan Cairns
cairnsb@html-helper.com

It is an active X EXE project and it also has two special files you will need.
In the "Needed" Directory you will find two files:

vbuzip10.dat
vbzip10.dat

Rename them both to DLL files (vbzip10.dll and vbuzip10.dll) 
and place them into you windows\system directory.

- sorry about that, but PSC will not let people upload DLL files.

First off, you need to compile the "MyAgent" project included.

Now you can open the "testcharactor" project and see it in action.

Also I got a ton (and I mean a ton) of emails from people that did not really understand the file format for charactors. So I created a Charactor editor.

This is really simple to use, play with it, you will get the hang of it.
Sorry I have not had time to write a help file for it, I have a carreer and it sucks up most of my free time. If you are really in a pinch, email me and I will help you out.

I also included a 3d rendered Charactor called "bryan.chr", you can open it in the editor, modify it, do what ever. It is located in "\testcharactor\bryan.chr"

I know I am going to get some questions about making the "frames" for the charactor animations, so here is a quick run down on how I did it...

1. Get yourself 3d Max and Poser 4 (3d editing software packages), they are expensive, but well worth the money if you do the type of work I do.

2. Make a Charactor in Poser 4, edit it in 3d Max, and create the "Action" frames in Poser 4 - this is tedious work so best to do it on a rainy day when you have nothing better to do. Of course you can draw the frames out by hand, but it is faster to do it in a 3d editing package.

3. Make the animation frames into 24 bit BMP files (they load faster and are generally less of a hassle on your system.

4. Open the Charactor editor, make a few actions ("Idle" is needed and is called by "My Agent" by default)

5. Edit the charactor till your hearts content, then save it.

6. Run the test program to see your charactor working.





